Welcome back. I believe this is lesson five that we're on now. And today we're
gonna be doing an interactive lesson. Okay, so we're gonna be scrolling
Instagram and TikTok to come up with ideas. So if you remember at the end of
the... wait let me fix this. Track me boy. Here we go.
Alright, if you remember at the end of the previous lesson we were going over
how
to identify and the importance of solving your own problems. I spoke about the
value of disconnection, right? Going for a walk, going for a run, going for a
hike,
meditation, whatever it may be, for extended periods of time. So this is
de-stimulation which I think is very important. I think people don't spend
enough time nowadays. I wanted to start with that because it's so important.
But
stimulation is also valuable. And this is a cool practice because you'll be
able
to carry it into your current daily scrolling. And if you don't scroll on a
daily basis right now, I would actually recommend that you create new accounts
and begin scrolling on Instagram Reels and TikTok. The reason that I suggest
this
particularly to start over Reddit and Twitter is because this is where the
majority of consumers live. This is where the collective unconscious lives. The
collective unconscious is largely a union concept but it essentially posits
that throughout society, so for us the Western world, the United States, we all
operate with this collective unconscious underpinning that informs a lot of our
action as well as our sort of psychological interests. Okay, so for this
lesson I'm going to begin scrolling on Instagram and TikTok and giving my
opinion on different videos, pretty unfiltered. Here I've got a few notes that
I'll touch on really quickly before I start. So first off scrolling the
explore page. This is explore, this is for you page. Now you can also
intentionally
search up different sort of key terms. Looks maxing, riz, weightlifting, you
know
calorie counting, tanning, class action lawsuits, right? All these different
domains that people build absent. As you find different niches, you should
follow
down rabbit holes. You'll be able to begin to recognize these connected webs
that exist on the internet which are essentially niches. I think the cookie
verse is a great example. If you don't know what the cookie verse is, you are
not
chronically online enough. The cookie verse is essentially an offshoot of the
looks maxing universe that is kind of centered around cookie king who's a
content creator. He has a very, you know, he has this like this affect to him
that
is very charismatic and endearing. And he operates within the looks maxing
niche but his whole thing is almost like anti looks maxing where he's eating
terrible food. Anyways, I won't dive too deep but key takeaway here, there are
a
lot of different niches rabbit holes in universes that you can find on the
internet. You should ask yourself what is binding these different groups. So
for
looks maxing, it's the desire to become more attractive. For weightlifting, it
is
the desire to get stronger. For female relationship advice is the desire to
find
a compatible romantic partner. You can create new accounts as I mentioned to
hit these demographics. So I've created accounts trying to put myself in the
mind of a 30 year old woman and engaging with content that she would like in
order
to see a side of the internet that I've never seen before. Now, I know
previously
I spoke about the importance of solving problems close to you. And yes, that is
great. And I think a very valuable framework for most individuals. But the
majority of people that are taking this course and the majority of young or I
should say entrepreneurial app developers as a whole are somewhere around the
age
of like 15 to 35 year old men. And so for example, the needs and desires of 70
year old women are being completely neglected. Now, this is the valuable of
creating or excuse me, the value of creating new accounts to hit these
demographics. If you are somebody who has a very deep understanding of human
psychology and you think that you can traverse those different demographics,
there's often a lot of alpha or upside in doing so. Now, finally, we're gonna
get a
lot more into this in the Reddit and Instagram section. But in short, see what
people are manually solving. What are people asking for in the comment sections
?
The comment sections are like the most underrated place to really learn about
the wants, needs and and thoughts of different different types of people. The
way that I came up with the idea of humax was consuming looks maxing content
and seeing these content creators do manual reviews, which people were paying
for to get reviews of themselves by these content creators. People are paying
50 hundred plus dollars to get a review of how attractive they are and how they
can become more attractive. And now this became abundantly obvious to me. I'm
like,
"All right, people are already paying for this, but AI can do it as soon as the
vision API is released through open AI." So these are just some cool little
little things to think about as well as a bunch of others that I will get into.
All right, enough of that. Let's do it. All right, I hope that there's nothing
bad on
my feed. Yeah, so I just pulled up Instagram will refresh the explore page.
See what's going on up in here. All right, here we got Colin Myers, cool guy.
When I was like 14, 15, it was like a religion to an only rip linker. Me and my
friend, we would go through carts in like two, three days spam and that shit.
So I think I think that there's gonna be an echo. So when I'm playing this, I'm
gonna turn down my mic audio. Yeah, I'm gonna turn down my mic audio and then I
'll
just kind of swap, I guess an alternate. Is there a better way to do this? All
right,
I'm gonna stitch this once I figure it out.